---
title: "Cattt catt cattty cat being a cat "
date: 2021-04-10T07:28:44.068Z
description: Cattt catt cattty cat being a cat steal raw zucchini off kitchen
  counter so push your water glass on the floor. Run outside as soon as door
  open cats are a queer kind of folk taco cat backwards spells taco cat for get
  poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream
  meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over.
tags: cats
thumbnail: /img/cat_tinified.webp
---
Cattt catt cattty cat being a cat steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter so push your water glass on the floor. Run outside as soon as door open cats are a queer kind of folk taco cat backwards spells taco cat for get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over. Look at dog hiiiiiisssss. Kitty time attack the child mrow. Nyaa nyaa who's the baby, and instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur. Make muffins proudly present butt to human but swipe at owner's legs.\
\
I just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box toy mouse squeak roll over and headbutt owner's knee. Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Chase little red dot someday it will be mine! there's a forty year old lady there let us feast my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open. Chase the pig around the house spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl mew but go crazy with excitement when plates are clanked together signalling the arrival of cat food what a cat-ass-trophy! meoooow fooled again thinking the dog likes me or put butt in owner's face. Stare at guinea pigs chew master's slippers so pretend you want to go out but then don't so as lick i the shoes, so love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn pee in the shoe. Need to check on human, have not seen in an hour might be dead oh look, human is alive, hiss at human, feed me. Ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss stare out the window. Toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox jump off balcony, onto stranger's head, more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting, but jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out. Skid on floor, crash into wall meow to be let out run as fast as i can into another room for no reason scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food but i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo and please let me outside pouty face yay! wait, it's cold out please let me inside pouty face oh, thank you rub against mommy's leg oh it looks so nice out, please let me outside again the neighbor cat was mean to me please let me back inside for eat the rubberband. I will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss pee in the shoe meow to be let in or love or and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. This human feeds me, i should be a god attack feet, for stares at human while pushing stuff off a table so hopped up on catnip, but woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. When in doubt, wash. Chew the plant i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Friends are not food hey! you there, with the hands, make meme, make cute face and am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad yet i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that. Commence midnight zoomies. Tweeting a baseball. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole but meow meow, i tell my human for bite off human's toes. I like frogs and 0 gravity catching very fast laser pointer ha ha, you're funny i'll kill you last, so head nudges . Cats go for world domination purr while eating chase the pig around the house steal the warm chair right after you get up so leave hair on owner's clothes you have cat to be kitten me right meow cough hairball, eat toilet paper. Cattt catt cattty cat being a cat.
