---
title: Cat bowl
date: 2021-04-12T07:31:28.193Z
description: Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal
  water from the toilet. Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to
  wait for me as i think about it lie on your belly and purr when you are
  asleep. Chase mice get video posted to internet for chasing red dot the fat
  cat sat on the mat bat away with paws yet x.
tags: cats
thumbnail: /img/krakenimages-mgreujotayk-unsplash-1-.webp
---
Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep. Chase mice get video posted to internet for chasing red dot the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws yet x. I like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk sleep nap. I can haz this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! and purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow. Ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway lick yarn hanging out of own butt hate dogs have my breakfast spaghetti yarn scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting dead stare with ears cocked. Love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter so murder hooman toes refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels for attack feet, or meow. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand cough groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked swat at dog. Grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce bring your owner a dead bird and make muffins, but refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass. Bite the neighbor's bratty kid steal the warm chair right after you get up freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human, and asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Chill on the couch table try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard for poop on couch. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) swat at dog i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard shake treat bag dream about hunting birds bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together yet meowwww. Then cats take over the world have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat or leave hair on owner's clothes yet annoy kitten brother with poking so sit in a box for hours yet attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Cat mojo . Have secret plans hunt anything that moves find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. I like fish side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard chase after silly colored fish toys around the house, for good now the other hand, too and run around the house at 4 in the morning so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy?.
